[OSDOCS#17012]: CQA bare metal troubleshooting non abstract changes 1 (#118263)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-troubleshooting-install-program-workflow.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// 
//installing/installing_bare_metal/ipi/ipi-install-troubleshooting.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: This is not a proc, it's reference material. Please change the content type to REFERENCE and adjust the body of the file to a compliant reference module format.

[id="ipi-install-troubleshooting-install-workflow_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting the installation program workflow

[role="_abstract"]
Before troubleshooting the installation environment, it is critical to understand the overall flow of the installer-provisioned installation on bare metal. 

> The following diagrams illustrate a troubleshooting flow with a step-by-step breakdown for the environment:

Reviewer: This isn't introducing a list
```suggestion
The following diagrams illustrate a troubleshooting flow with a step-by-step breakdown for the environment.
```

.Procedure

. _Workflow 1_
+
image:flow1.png[Flow-Diagram-1]
+

> _Workflow 1 of 4_ illustrates a troubleshooting workflow when the `install-config.yaml` file has errors or the {op-system-first} images are inaccessible. See  xref:ipi-install-troubleshooting-install-config_ipi-install-troubleshooting[Troubleshooting `install-config.yaml`] for troubleshooting suggestions.

Reviewer: I understand that this is legacy content you pulled in, but it's not compliant with our [standards](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#block-images). Can you please also fix it up?

* Descriptive title with correct format
* Correct block image syntax (`::` not `:`)
* Descriptive alt text
* Text underneath describes without naming the image

Here's an example for the first one:

```suggestion
.Troubleshooting workflow for `install-config.yaml` file errors or inaccessible {op-system} images
image::flow1.png[Troubleshooting workflow when the `install-config.yaml` file has errors or the {op-system-first} images are inaccessible]

This diagram illustrates a troubleshooting workflow when the `install-config.yaml` file has errors or the {op-system-first} images are inaccessible. For troubleshooting suggestions, see xref:ipi-install-troubleshooting-install-config_ipi-install-troubleshooting[Troubleshooting `install-config.yaml`].
```

The above would render like this:

<img width="774" height="621" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2538026-9903-4292-9f62-fc08956b9552" />
